today on blade hq.com we are taking a
look at the Emerson CQC 14 snubby check
this out it's I believe the reason they
call its nubby is because check out the
blade size compared to the handle size
very very small in comparison I'll show
you that right there check that out the
tip of that blade is only coming too
right there so you've almost got an inch
of handle left so if you're working in
close quarters close quarters combat
that sort of thing this is gonna be a
great little knife to get the job done
it's definitely a tactical knife that's
what Emerson makes now the overall
length on this knife seven point six
inches the blade length is two point
seven inches made from 154cm steel it's
got a black g10 epoxy handle scales on
it which are very grippy fits nicely in
the hand it's got Emerson's wave feature
patented wave they put that on all of
them because it's awesome and it works
so just rip it out of your pocket it
opens right up as well as the thumb disk
which is removable if you would like the
pivot on it comes from the factory
fairly tight so just take a flathead
screwdriver and loosen that up just
slightly there is a little bit of
jimping there on the handle as well on
the backside in that little thumb ramp
right there
so this knife it's a standout in the
Emerson collection simply because the
blade is so short blade link 2.7 inches
whereas the handle is much larger so
what else do you want to know the weight
on at four point three ounces and this
knife runs in the two hundred and twelve
dollar range buy it now on blade hq.com
where we take care of you with our
customer service our fast shipping and
our awesomeness online so buy from blade
hq.com